Minor QOL changes (#88)
roblox-ts/roblox-ts.github.io: README.md

1. `npm install`
2. `npm start`

> In order to get the sandbox to work, these commands will also need to be run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to get the interactive playground to work, these commands will also need to be run:
```
